Cast command line arguments to strings (#375)
mne-tools/mne-bids-pipeline: docs/source/changes.md

  ({{ gh(336) }} by {{ authors.agramfort }}, {{ authors.hoechenberger }}, and {{ authors.crsegerie }})
- `epochs_tmin` and `epochs_tmax` were named incorrectly in some test config files.
  ({{ gh(340) }} by {{ authors.crsegerie }})

> - Passing subject, session, task, and run names that consist only of numbers to `run.py` doesn't throw an exception anymore, even if the names weren't double-quotes.

Author: ```suggestion
- Passing subject, session, task, and run names that consist only of numbers to `run.py` doesn't throw an exception anymore, even if the values weren't double-quoted.
```

>   ({{ gh(374) }} by {{ authors.hoechenberger }})

Author: ```suggestion
  ({{ gh(375) }} by {{ authors.hoechenberger }})
```
